---
title:      Join our CODERs in Aarhus
caption:    With a clear reference to the Mr. Wolf character in Pulp Fiction as a role model for any consultant - we dare you!
subtitle:
tags:
  - Jobs
  - Featured
redirect_from:
  - /jobs/wolf/
avatar:     /images/stories/mr-wolf.jpg
nav-weight: 5
---

If you've watched the movie _"Pulp Fiction"_ then you know that a Wolf is someone who can handle a [_"Bonnie Situation"_](/stories/the-bonnie-situation/). We use the term _wolves_ to describe our most senior consultants. Wolves solve problems - and we need more wolves!
{: .kicker}

<!--break-->

Praqma is not your average consultancy. Our business is about delivering change to ambitious clients who are seeking to upgrade their development process - through DevOps and Continuous Delivery.  We inspire, counsel, guide, and assist our clients through the whole process.

We bring expertise, experience and best practice to the transformation. When we engage, we work directly with the customer's own people and we help them excel.

Our policy with our clients is _buy a man and get a team_ which in plain english translates to _the direct opposite of body shopping_. None of our customers have ever seen a CV on any of our consultants. We deliver our work as a service, and it includes expertise in any approach or technology that could fit into the DevOps tool-stack or Continuous Delivery methodology.

No _one_ person can deliver all that alone.

## What's the job?

So - every time we engage with a customer, we need a Wolf on-site. The wolf's job is to understand the customer's need, facilitate their personnel, know exactly when to bring in expert knowledge or a _Praqtitioner_. 
_Praqtitioners_  is a term we use for consultants who are eager, enthusiastic, engaged - but less experienced than our wolves. _Praqtitioners_ takes a more hands-on approach in implementing the pipeline and the supporting tools. _Praqtitioners_ usually evolves into wolves over time.

- Wolves are thought leaders, they inspire colleagues and clients.
- Wolves are experienced practitioners in the field of DevOps and Continuous Delivery.
- Wolves know how to deal with [_"Bonnie Situations"_](stories/the-bonnie-situation/) in the wild.
- Wolves have an agile mindset.

Our wolves and Praqtitioners work closely with each other inside Praqma. They share work and they carry the knowledge of their colleagues to their own clients.

Additionally, in Praqma, it is everyone's job to undertake research.  Our business is based on a moving target of the latest technologies and approaches, so we need to learn the latest technology, apply it, and most importantly teach and promote it internally and to the world.

## Are you it?
We are currently looking for both _Wolves_ and _Praqtitioners_ for our Aarhus based office. From Aarhus we cover costumers in all of Jutland, but we are focused on Central Jutland. 

In Praqma we are also focused and invested in having a healthy work-life balance, so we put a great deal of effort into making good arrangements for both the consultant and the costumer. 

If you have any questions before you do are ready to sent us a motivational letter, please call Lars on +45 20 87 25 30 or mail him on [lak@praqma.com](mailto:lak@praqma.com).

__Familiarize yourself with our onboarding process; [Get Your Orange Wings](http://www.praqma.com/stories/onboarding/)__
