---
title: Turning 30
subtitle: Praqma is turning a sharp corner in in high speed
tags:
  - Innovation
  - Consultancy
author: Lars Kruse
author-link: 'http://twitter.com/lakruzz'
comments: false
avatar: /images/about/praqma-wings.jpg
nav-weight: 5
published: false
---

Praqma is turning 30 - at the age of nine. Looking back it might have been a relative slow start, but at this point we're moving at the speed of 2+ employees per month.
{: .kicker}

<!--break-->

Praqma started out 9 years ago - and just about now we're turning 30. In a way it's been a long journey here - and in another sense it has been really short.

The company was founded in November 2007, a few months later, the finance crisis was announced in Denmark.

Despite that, we grew to 6 people within the first year - and then; From one day to the next, no one was buying services from no one. Even companies who were relatively unaffected by the crisis ceased all activity. As one of our customers at the time (and still) stated it:

> We're not a company in crisis, we're a company _in a_ crisis

What they meant was, They weren't really feeling the crisis themselves, but since everyone else was in panic mode, they'd just go into panic mode as well.

We grew to eight people and stayed there for the next 4-5 years until 2011. During that period we were suffering. We basically had work for 6 people but we believed that we could ride it off, and we didn't fire anybody.

Since we din't have any investors behind us with a pile of money, everything was financed by the two partner and owners; Lars and Leif. Some months we would bring money to work every day, to pay out salaries to our employees, and at the same time we didn't even take out wages for ourselves.

2012 was a turning point for us. We had struggled to explain the work-smarter-not-harder paradigm of automating development processes, but then buzz words like DevOps, Continuos Integration and later Continuous Delivery started to enter onto the scene.

At that time we had already built a pretty amazing pipeline at a large medical company, building embedded software using a tool called "Hudson" at time where most people still doubted that it would catch fire, and everyone advised us to go with the de facto standard at the time; "CruiseControl".

We managed to build a reputation for ourselves in the Hudson community, and we built the "ClearCase UCM plugin" for Hudson. The woking title back then was "PUCM" short for "Praqmatic UCM".

When the Hudson community had their beef with Oracle and Jenkins was forked off, we blindly followed the original creator and our benevolent dictator Kosuke Kawaguchi. We contributed more than 12 plugins to Jenkins in the following years and we started hosting the Jenkins Community in Scandinavia with the Jenkins User Events.
