---
title: Are you a people person?
subtitle: Sales at Praqma is about relationship building
tags:
  - Jobs
  - Featured
author: lakruzz
comments: false
avatar: /images/stories/alecbaldwin.jpg
nav-weight: 5
---

At Praqma we believe sales is not about transactions, targets, tactics or pressure. We want to build lasting and genuine relationships with our customers and our network based on mutual trust, shared ambitions and value - this is perhaps one of the few areas of our business we can't automate!
{: .kicker }

<!--break-->

Praqma is a software consultancy on the move. Over the last two years we have opened 5 new offices, created 10 conferences, and helped many customers in their quest for improvement. We’re constantly sparring as a team, building and executing ideas together on our mission to change the world - at least within the world of software. We help our ambitious clients upgrade their software development processes through DevOps and Continuous Delivery consulting.

## What's the job?

Our sales team is currently expanding in to keep up with the growth of the rest of Praqma and for this we are looking for hard working and outgoing people to assist with our sales channels. An ideal candidate will be an ambitious self-starter, not intimidated by making cold calls and using your influencing and relationship-building skills to engage with new and existing clients.

You will be expected to act as an ambassador for the company, to be part of the community, and bring our values to the world.

If you have some experience within software that's great, but not a prerequisite - we’ll get you up to speed in no time.

## Are you it?

Do you want to be part of a rapidly growing company where excellence in service and technology is more than a buzzword?

Have you recently graduated or just eager to jump start a career in sales and marketing? Are you looking for the perfect cultural ‘fit’ rather than just a job. Do you like to be part of a team​ much more than to be by yourself? If so, Praqma is looking for motivated, energetic, and dynamic individuals to join our growing sales teams in Copenhagen, Stockholm, Oslo, and Aarhus.

If we’ve caught your interest we would love to hear from you!

Let us know why you’re interested in joining our team, and sell us on “you” by submitting your eye-catching cover letter and resume to jobs@praqma.net


If you have any questions before you do that, please call Lars on +45 20 87 25 30 or mail him on lak@praqma.com.

__Familiarize yourself with our onboarding process; [Get Your Orange Wings](http://www.praqma.com/stories/onboarding/)__
